README.md, before:

# Notes

- sometimes, after doing a prisma migration, kill server and restart vscode. dont ask.

# Prisma

- during dev, you can run ```npx prisma db push --force-reset``` and ```npx prisma generate``` to do a hard db reset

After updating the schema, ```npx prisma migrate dev``` to apply the changes and ```npx prisma generate``` to update the Prisma client.


run ```vercel env pull``` to grab all environment variables after yoouve been added to vercel

# Run Inngest Dev Server
```npx inngest-cli@latest dev```



# Documents

`Regulatory Framework` - This category can include all the governing rules and regulations such as zoning bylaws, building codes, environmental regulations, etc. It encompasses the legal and procedural guidelines that proposals and projects must adhere to.

`Compliance Submissions` - This category can encompass all documents that are created to demonstrate compliance with the Regulatory Framework. It can include proposals, contracts, development applications, compliance reports, etc., essentially any document that is submitted for review against the established rules.

Commit message:

trigger report creation with inngest

README.md, after:

# Notes

- sometimes, after doing a prisma migration, kill server and restart vscode. dont ask.

# Prisma

- during dev, you can run ```npx prisma db push --force-reset``` and ```npx prisma generate``` to do a hard db reset

After updating the schema, ```npx prisma migrate dev``` to apply the changes and ```npx prisma generate``` to update the Prisma client.


run ```vercel env pull``` to grab all environment variables after yoouve been added to vercel

# Run Inngest Dev Server

Inngest is the primary way to trigger background tasks for the application. To get it running, run 

```npx inngest-cli@latest dev```


# Documents

`Regulatory Framework` - This category can include all the governing rules and regulations such as zoning bylaws, building codes, environmental regulations, etc. It encompasses the legal and procedural guidelines that proposals and projects must adhere to.

`Compliance Submissions` - This category can encompass all documents that are created to demonstrate compliance with the Regulatory Framework. It can include proposals, contracts, development applications, compliance reports, etc., essentially any document that is submitted for review against the established rules.
